Terms of Service for TowAR Defence by Unwise Studio
Introduction

Welcome to TowAR Defence! These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your access to and use of TowAR Defence ("the game"), developed and published by Unwise Studio ("we", "us", "our"). By downloading, accessing, or playing the game, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not download or use the game.
License to Use

We grant you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to download and use the game on your device in accordance with these Terms for your personal entertainment purposes only. This license does not grant you any rights to use the game for any other purpose, or to distribute, sell, lease, or otherwise provide the game to any third party.
Intellectual Property Rights

All rights, title, and interest in and to the game, including but not limited to copyright, trademarks, game content, artwork, and all other intellectual property rights, are owned by Unwise Studio or our licensors. Your use of the game does not grant you ownership in or any rights to the intellectual property of the game or any part thereof.
Restrictions

You agree not to:

    Modify, disassemble, reverse engineer or create derivative works based on the game.
    Use the game in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the game, or that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functioning of the game in any manner.
    Infringe upon or violate the rights of Unwise Studio, other users of the game, or any third party.

Disclaimers

The game is provided "AS IS" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Unwise Studio does not warrant that the game will be uninterrupted or error-free.
Limitation of Liability

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will Unwise Studio be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from your access to or use of or inability to access or use the game.
Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Belgium and the EU, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Changes to Terms

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. By continuing to access or use our game after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms.
Contact Us

Privacy : WE DO NOT COLLECT, USE OR SELL ANY DATA AT ALL. Privacy is important to us.  

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us on Discord on the server https://discord.gg/9GyFMvhqZ6
